Added WithAggregationSelector to prometheus (#3341)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Prometheus exporter will register with a prometheus registerer on creation, there are options to control this. (#3239)

> - Added an option to change the AggregationSelector for prometheus. (#????)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `WithAggregationSelector` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` package to change the `AggregationSelector` used. (#3341)
```
